Blaine/Dragon Backstory:
When Blaine was left alone drow came out of the pit and took him via secret passageways to the
demon's pentacle (listed on the map). The drow performed a demonic ritual transferring Blaine's
soul to the dragon, with the intent of destroying Blaine's soul and using his body to summon a
demon/alien being into the world.

There are lots of drow outside the room the PCs are in right now and if Blaine seizes control of
the dragon to stage 4, the drow's plan is not working and they will rush in to try to execute all
of the PCs.

With the help of a true sorcerer (must be sorcerer) Blaine will be able to move between forms at
will, with the dragon's armor being softened extremely due to the combination of a poison the drow
put on the dragon's scales and the sun. This makes the dragon extremely powerful underground but
aboveground his AC and HP are lower. 

Logan side passage story:
So logan was in contact with a dwarf or elf that was a slave/dragon handler for the drow and was pulled into a hidden room right next to
the dragon where with an elaborate setup of mirrors... was able to view the room perfectly. the dwarf thing acted like gollum but still
had some sanity left even though his whole body was covered in what appeared to be claw and acid marks. He tried to persuade Logan that
there was no hope for any of his friends as the dragon would devour the fighters and destroy blaine's soul(of course he didn't know exactly
what was happening soul-wise but he did know that after every encounter the drow would have an empty husk of a body that they would try to
summon something into but every time the body would burnup immediately as if the otherwordly presence was too much.) Logan was persistant
and was told that the food at the banquet could poison the dragon allowing his friends to escape so logan took off through the secret
passageways to try to get some food to feed the dragon while this dwarf-elf thing signaled the drow. 

little did logan know that the path he took led right past the baby dragon feeding grounds and that his contact was actually an insane 
dragon/chaos worshipping madman.


Dungeon Story:
The drow are breeding dragons for an army and also have multiple traps that leave adventurers(lured here by legends spread by the drow
themselves about treasure and lost magic...) incapacitated so that the drow can transfer the soul to a dragon because usually a dragon's
soul is much more powerful than a human's. So the Dragon destroys the soul then the drow attempt to summon an otherwordly being into the
adventurer's empty husk of a body, which needs to not only be with no soul but the soul previously in it must also be destroyed since
the body retains a connection to it's soul long after the soul is removed. 

The drow themselves are much to afraid of the dragons to handle them themselves so they kidnap wood elves and dwarves to do that for them
these slaves are mostly left alone by the drow as the dragons are most savage to them do and the slaves are fed next to nothing. The ones
that manage to escape often end up worshiping the dragons since they were the most and only dominant force in their lives for so long.
These escapees attempt to lure any passerby(adventurer or drow) into the dragon's breeding/feeding ... to be eaten.